docs: Update links in documentation and fix spelling mistakes (#3238)
timber/timber: docs/v2/guides/twig.md

{% do action('my_action_with_args', 'foo', 'bar') %}
```

> If you ask yourself why there's no underline between `do` and `action`: The expression [`do`](https://twig.symfony.com/doc/3.x/tags/do.html) is a feature of Twig which _calls a function without printing its return value_, like `{{ }}` does. Timber only registers an `action` function, which then calls the `do_action()` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you ask yourself why there’s no underline between `do` and `action`: The expression [`do`](https://twig.symfony.com/doc/3.x/tags/do.html) is a feature of Twig which _calls a function without printing its return value_, like `{{ }}` does. Timber only registers an `action` function, which then calls the `do_action()` function.
```

### Text editor add-ons

- Text Mate & Sublime text bundle – [Anomareh's PHP-Twig](https://github.com/uhnomoli/PHP-Twig.tmbundle)
- Emacs – [Web Mode](https://web-mode.org/)
- Geany – Add [Twig/Symfony2 detection and highlighting](https://wiki.geany.org/howtos/geany_and_django#twigsymfony2_support)
- PhpStorm – Built in coloring and code hinting. The Twig extension is recognized and has been for some time. [Twig Details for PhpStorm](https://blog.jetbrains.com/phpstorm/2013/06/twig-support-in-phpstorm/).

> - Atom – Syntax highlighting with the [Atom Component](https://github.blog/news-insights/product-news/sunsetting-atom/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
